Fix handling of 1d table elements with single entry in fits (#10768)
astropy/astropy: CHANGES.rst

astropy.io.fits
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - Fix handling of 1-dimensional arrays with single elements in BinaryTableHDUs [#10768]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix handling of 1-dimensional arrays with single elements in ``BinTableHDU``s [#10768]
```
Suggest to use the class name; otherwise looks good once it's moved to the new milestone.

Author: Both done
